(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
Everyone, everyone!
I found the buffalo herd.
They're all safe and sound.
(LAUGHS) Yep.
There they are.
Good work, Ono.
Hmm. Why do
you suppose they
wandered so far
from their regular
grazing ground?
Who cares? We found them,
they're fine, let's go.
Wait.
I'm not so sure
they are fine.
Look where they're grazing.
Hapana!
They're right
on top of a geyser!
A what?
A geyser.
Really hot water shooting up
from a hole in the ground.
Are you sure you're not
making that up?
(LOUD RUMBLING)
Whoa. Big B, you gotta
eat something.
That stomach of yours
is rumbling like crazy!
I don't think
that's my stomach.
(RUMBLING CONTINUES)
It's the geyser!
It's about to blow!
We've gotta warn
the buffalo!
Till the Pride Lands' end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
(MOOING)
(GURGLING)
Whoa!
(ALL MOOING)
Heyvi kabisa!
The herd!
We've gotta stop them
before they trample
everything in their path!
Leave this to me!
Huwezi!
She can't do it alone.
C'mon!
FULI: Slow it down, buffalo!
FULI: That's the way.
Nice and easy...
BESHTE: Would ya
look at that.
Wow! Maybe she can
do it alone!
(BUFFALO GRUNTING)
(FULI PANTING)
Poa, Fuli!
That was un-Bunga-lievable!
Thanks.
You should have
seen it from up there!
Great work, Fuli.
Now why don't you
take a break?
GALAGOS: Help! Help!
And the break's over.
(SIGHS) It's gonna be
one of those days.
Ono, take a look.
Affirmative!
GALAGOS: Help!
ONO: Hapana!
Ono, what do ya got?
ONO: Three galagos!
About to fall from a tree
in Ndefu Grove!
We'd better get moving.
I got this!
GALAGOS: Help! Help!
Don't let go!
I can't hold on.
I can't hold on!
(SCREAMS)
Hang on!
(GALAGOS SCREAMING)
(GALAGOS GRUNTING)
Gotcha!
(GALAGOS CHEERING)
(GROANS)
Poa, Fuli!
Nice save!
Good thing you didn't
need any backup.
You left us
in the dust.
Yeah, I knew I could handle
this one by myself.
But, uh...
(GALAGOS COOING AND PURRING)
I could use some help
getting these things off me.
All right,
Gally-ally-goes.
Off 'a the kitty!
(FULI GROANS)
I still feel those teeny
little hands grabbing my fur.
You sure you got them all?
Yeah, you're good.
(GASPS)
Zuka zama! Lookit!
The water's reached
the trees at Mapema Rock!
Poa! You're right,
Bunga!
That means... Uh...
What does that mean?
It means it's the peak
of the rainy season!
It's time for utamu!
I've gotta go
get some!
Bunga, wait!
Where are you
going?
I just told ya.
I'm gettin' utamu!
They're the rarest,
most delicious grubs
in the Pride Lands!
But they only come out
one day at the peak
of the rainy season!
So you gotta
find 'em fast!
That's why...
(SERVAL HOWLING)
What is up today?
Sounds like somebody
else is in trouble.
ONO: It's a serval!
Looks like he tried
to jump across Big Ravine!
He's hanging on to the edge,
but he won't last long!
Thanks, Ono!
Lion Guard...
Fuli?
(PANTING)
(HOWLING)
Hang on!
(GRUNTS)
(WHIMPERING)
Don't panic.
I've got you.
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
I hope. (GRUNTS)
Hey!
Calm down!
I'm sorry!
I'm...
I'm scared!
Yeah, well I can't help
you get up the cliff
if you kick me off it!
(PANTING)
(FULI STRAINING)
Got it.
Now just one...
More... Push!
(SCREAMS)
I'm out!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
You did it!
(LAUGHS)
Thank you!
(GRUNTING)
No problem.
ONO: Great rescue, Fuli!
What took the rest of you
so long?
We went
around the long way.
Yeah. Even I wouldn't try
a crazy jump like that!
Just takes a little
speed, that's all.
Fuli. Why didn't you
wait for us?
C'mon, Kion.
You put me on the Guard
'cause I'm the fastest.
If my speed can help,
shouldn't I use it?
Yeah, but we're a team.
And our team's not as good
if you get hurt or worn out
from going solo.
I'm a cheetah.
Cheetahs don't get worn out.
Actually, Fuli, cheetahs do...
Uh, well, maybe
you don't get worn out?
Well, now that that's settled,
I gotta go find
the utamu grubs.
You comin' or not?
I'm in.
Let's go!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
I think you
need to rest.
If anything
else happens,
we'll need you
at full strength.
I'm sorry,
have we met?
I'm Fuli. I'm always
at full strength.
I mean it, Fuli.
You need to take
it easy for a while.
I want you to stay here.
(GROANS)
I think Kion's trying
to say that everybody
needs to rest sometimes.
(SIGHS) Fine.
I'll rest.
But I won't like it.
Wouldn't expect you to.
So, Bunga.
These utamu grubs.
Do you know
where to find them?
Do I? Do I?
Do I? Yes!
Yes,
I totally do!
This way!
See you later, Fuli!
(SIGHS) Bye.
(SIGHS)
(SNIFFS)
(GRUNTING)
Resting? Hunting?
They're kinda the same thing.
BUNGA:
♪ Utamu, utamu
♪ Good for you
and yummy too
♪ Goes right down like
squishy goo
♪ Utamu, utamu
♪ When only the best will do,
it's the grub for you
♪ Utamu ♪
(YELLS)
Oops.
Hey!
Sorry, Little B.
Okay, Bunga,
which way do we go?
Hmm.
When in doubt,
follow the dung!
Follow the dung?
Like follow the poop?
Ugh!
Yup. The dung beetles
always lead you to grubs.
Never fails.
Really? Why's that?
Because grubs are
dung beetle larvae.
Common knowledge, really.
Right! Check it out.
Would you look at that.
Hey, little guys.
They're just
heading home.
And we can follow 'em!
Pretty cool
that you knew that.
I know!
I'm un-dunga-lievable!
(LAUGHS)
Come on!
BUNGA:
♪ When only the best will do,
it's the grub for you
♪ Utamu ♪
(GRUNTING)
(YELLING) Fuli! Fuli!
(SIGHS) Seriously?
Fuli!
I need the Lion Guard!
The oryxes are fighting!
Calm down.
Oryxes fight all the time.
But they're fighting
near our nests!
If they're not
stopped, they'll
trample our eggs!
Got it.
Take me there.
Well, but,
what about the rest
of the Lion Guard?
If you want help fast,
you want me,
with or without the Guard!
Mmm, that makes sense.
Follow me!
BUNGA: Here we go!
We're really picking
up speed now!
Uh. So, Little B,
what's so special about
these "utami" grubs anyway?
Well, utamu
brought me together
with my Uncle Timon
and Uncle Pumbaa.
Really? I never knew that.
Ya mean I never told you?
I always wondered.
How did you end up staying
with Timon and Pumbaa?
Glad you asked!
It was a while ago.
When I was really little.
I never met my
real mom and dad.
Back then I was
all on my own.
I could find my own
food easy enough.
But I was lonely.
(TIMON AND PUMBAA SINGING)
And then I saw them.
Right as they walked
past Mapema Rock.
♪ The taste will blow
your mind
BOTH:
♪ Utamu, utamu
♪ Good for you and yummy too
♪ Goes right down like
squishy goo
BOTH:
♪ Utamu, utamu
♪ When only the best
will do, it's the grub
for you
♪ Utamu
♪ It's got a taste,
rich and bold
your mouth will be amazed
♪ It's a kind of taste
you won't forget
the rest of your days
BOTH:
♪ Utamu, utamu
♪ Good for you
and yummy too
♪ Goes right down
like squishy goo
BOTH:
♪ Utamu, utamu
♪ When only the best will do,
it's the grub for you
♪ Utamu ♪
Come on, Pumbaa.
The utamu grubs only
come out once a year.
And this year,
we're gonna get 'em.
Oh, that's what you
say every year, Timon.
And then, halfway
up that big tree,
you decide to wait
till next year.
BUNGA: They seemed friendly.
Funny.
(SNIFFING)
And a little stinky.
Just like me!
I knew we'd get along!
Huh?
Beat it, kid.
Me and Pumbaa
have grubs to find.
Grubs! Grubs!
Oh, Timon!
I think he likes you!
Okay, kid.
See that big rock?
I betcha there's plenty
of grubs under it.
You go get 'em!
BABY BUNGA: Zuka zama!
Pumbaa, now!
Before he comes back.
PUMBAA:
Oh, all right.
Grubs!
Oh. Eh...
Thanks, kid.
Mmm.
Aw, look at him.
He's such a cute
little thing.
Can we keep him?
Keep him? No.
No more kids.
We already raised
a lion, remember?
Besides, he's a honey badger.
He can fend
for himself!
So long, kid.
Thanks for the grub!
Oh, I think he wants
to be with us, too!
We'll see about that.
BUNGA: Then Timon asked me
to find the rarest,
most delicious grubs
in the Pride Lands.
Utamu!
BABY BUNGA:
Zuka Zama!
(LAUGHING)
He's really doing it!
I was sure he'd
be too scared
and just run away.
PUMBAA: I don't think he's
afraid of anything, Timon.
TIMON: Yeah.
The kid's loopier
than a snake
squeezin' his supper.
Or as they say
in the Serengeti,
he's bunga!
BABY BUNGA:
Bunga, Bunga, Bunga!
Would ya look
at that. He got 'em!
He got the utamu!
Now can we keep him, Timon?
Can we? The little Bunga got
us the most delicious
grubs in the Pride Lands!
How can we not?
C'mon, Bunga!
From now on,
you're with us!
Mmm!
So now, at the peak
of every rainy season,
we celebrate.
I always bring
the utamu.
My uncles love 'em!
And I don't want
to let them down.
Aw, Little B.
(SNIFFLES)
That was beautiful!
Don't worry, Bunga.
We'll help you get
that utamu. Right, guys?
Yes. But, uh, the dung beetles
aren't going to help.
They're gone.
Say what?
So how are we going
to find the utamu now?
Hmm.
(GASPS)
I see the tree!
Zuka Zama!
C'mon!
Too bad Fuli didn't
get to hear Bunga's story.
Yeah. But it's good
that she's getting
some rest.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Are we getting close?
Pretty close!
(FULI PANTING)
Ugh.
What about now?
Mmm. Pretty close!
(FULI PANTING)
How much farther?
Oh, we're pretty close now!
(PANTING AND GRUNTING)
Fuli!
I know, I know!
We're pretty close!
No, we're here now!
Look!
(PANTING)
(GRUNTING)
(SQUAWKING)
Can you stop them?
(EXHALES)
You better believe it.
Oryxes!
Get out of here!
Now!
(PANTING)
You did it!
You saved our nests!
Thanks!
No problem.
I'm just gonna...
Head out now.
(PANTING)
(PANTING HEAVILY)
(VULTURES CHATTERING
INDISTINCTLY)
(MZINGO CLEARS THROAT)
Before we bring the meeting
of this committee to order...
Please join me in the singing
of our parliamentary anthem.
(MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ What birds are the lords
of the sky
♪ Ruling the rest
from on high
♪ The answer is clear ♪
♪ Cause we're all
perched here
ALL:
♪ All hail the vultures
♪ Hail, hail the vultures,
all hail
♪ All hail
♪ Hail, hail the vultures,
all hail
♪ All hail
♪ We are the greatest,
just try to debate us
♪ Hail, hail the vultures,
all hail
♪ All hail
♪ Some may call us scavengers
♪ And some may call us thieves
♪ But if you're looking
for intelligence
♪ Just look up in the leaves
♪ Hail, hail the vultures,
all hail
♪ All hail
♪ Hail, hail the vultures,
all hail
♪ All hail
♪ We are the greatest,
just try to debate us
♪ Hail, hail the vultures,
all hail
♪ All hail
♪ Hail, hail the vultures,
all hail
♪ All hail ♪
(LAUGHS)
That was good.
Oi, is that Fuli
lying down there?
I've never seen her
when she wasn't running.
What's wrong with her?
Hmm. It seems Fuli
is too young to
know her limits.
Ya mean she
don't know cheetahs
can only run for so long
before they need a rest?
Precisely.
I conclude she's
pushed herself too hard,
and currently has
no energy at all.
Which means
she can't fight back.
Oh, should we form
a subcommittee
to discuss our options
in attacking Fuli in her
current weakened state?
Actually, I think
this is the one time
that we dispense with formal
parliamentary procedures...
(INHALES DEEPLY)
And simply attack.
Is this really the tree
where you first found
the utamu, Little B?
Sure is!
Now all I have
to do is climb up
and get 'em!
Zuka Zama!
Careful, Bunga!
That tree looks pretty dead!
I know!
That's why grubs
love living in it!
(TREE CREAKING)
(GASPING)
(GRUNTS)
(SIGHS)
I'm comin' for you, utamu!
KION: Bunga, that
branch is rotten!
I don't think it'll hold you!
Sure it will!
He's gonna need our help.
Ono, steady the end
of that branch.
Beshte, hold the trunk.
Sure thing!
(GRUNTING)
Hey ya, Ono.
I'm almost there... Whoa!
Hapana.
Kion!
Mzingo and his vultures!
They're circling!
That's never good.
We need to check it out.
Ono, Beshte, Bunga, let's go!
Wait!
Just one more step!
(BRANCH CREAKING)
(BUNGA SCREAMS)
I'm coming, Bunga!
No!
My utamu!
Incoming, Beshte!
Got it!
(BUNGA GRUNTS)
You okay, Little B?
Yeah.
I guess.
Sorry, Bunga.
But we gotta go see
what Mzingo and his
vultures are up to.
Yeah, I know.
KION: Ono, keep
an eye out for Fuli.
We'll need her
if there's trouble.
If I know Fuli,
she's already there.
(VULTURES SQUAWKING)
(GROANING)
Back off, vultures.
You don't want any part of me.
Oh, but I believe we do.
I want a leg!
Young cheetah.
You have so little
energy right now,
you couldn't attack
us if you tried.
Oh, um, question.
You really think
she can't fight back?
(INHALES DEEPLY)
Just try me!
If you had any strength,
you'd have pounced by now.
All in favor of attacking
from all sides, hmm?
ALL: Aye!
All opposed?
Motion passed.
The ayes have it.
KION: No sign of Fuli, Ono?
We sure could use
her on this one.
No, nothing. I...
Oh, no!
It's Fuli!
She's down...
And she's surrounded
by vultures!
Heyvi kabisa!
To the Pride Lands' end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
(SNARLS)
Oh, don't worry, my dear.
It will all be over soon.
After all, we are
not uncivilized.
(LAUGHS)
Now!
Parliament, attack!
KION: Vultures!
Get away from her!
Kion?
(MZINGO SQUAWKS)
(VULTURES SCREAMS)
Zuka zama!
MWOGA: Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
Leave Fuli alone!
Twende kiboko!
(VULTURES SQUAWKS)
Reconvene!
(GROWLS)
Mzingo!
When you and your vultures
take on one member
of the Guard...
You take on us all!
(ROARS)
(VULTURES SQUAWKING)
You okay?
Yeah. Thanks for
saving me, guys.
Even though I feel kind
of lame for needing it.
You shouldn't.
We're always there
for each other.
We're a team!
Yeah.
Even I've been in trouble
once or twice.
Okay, lots of times.
Well, I wasn't helping
the team by going off
alone and getting worn out.
Next time I really will wait
for the rest of you.
Just try to move a little
faster so I won't have
to wait so long.
(LAUGHING)
(BUNGA SIGHS)
Bunga,
what's wrong?
I gotta go meet up
with my uncles.
And I don't have any utamu.
Aw, I'm sure they won't care.
You think?
Let's go to Hakuna Matata
Falls and find out.
PUMBAA AND TIMON:
♪ Utamu, utamu ♪
BUNGA: Uncle Timon?
Uncle Pumbaa?
What's wrong, kid?
I, uh, I've got
some bad news.
I know I usually bring
the utamu grubs for us
to celebrate with.
But I couldn't get
them this time.
Eh, Bunga.
Utamu grubs are great.
But that's not why
we celebrate.
Timon's right.
We celebrate because
the day we got the utamu
was the day we met you!
Really?
Of course!
Mmm.
Aw, that's nice.
Besides, this year...
We got the utamu!
What? But how?
Oh, you wouldn't believe it!
A branch full of utamu grubs
fell right outta the sky!
I believe it.
Here's to the two best uncles
a honey badger could ask for!
(SLURPING AND GULPING)
TOGETHER:
♪ Utamu, utamu
♪ When only the best will do,
it's the grub for you ♪
♪ Utamu ♪
MAN:
♪ Only one grub,
incredibly rare
♪ Impossible to find
♪ Only one grub
that's so delish
♪ The taste will blow
your mind
♪ Utamu, utamu
♪ Good for you and yummy too
♪ Goes right down
like squishy goo
♪ Utamu, utamu
♪ When only the best will do
♪ It's the grub for you
♪ Utamu ♪